what's going on everybody this is your
boy deluxe 20 aka mr. camp tastic oh oh
and then somebody stuck me with a random
king semtex II know my nipples right no
look God King Lucifer's ball sack you
gotta suck to get I'd anywhere i'm
slowly understand men don't worry about
explaining that kind of stuff to me but
i understand well i mean i just i like
the alley the flavor or the occasional
to so that's not oh I don't know it this
way I'm is stupid little okay said only
if you say your mother fish I'm a mother
show us more about your innovative got
in dog gameplay
that's someone who enjoys bestiality I
think that's really funny are you gonna
know I'm gonna say that I didn't know
go-gurt had an internet connection this
is bull you look at the length of the
gun it's not one of the new new canvas
what if desu spends all that on Daisy
borrowed for owed holy we actually did
it flora actually for out someone
usually just say we do holy man whoa
what are you smoking smoking crack with
your mama yeah smoke it off the tip of
my main in energy money instead of again
on the looks I'm just gonna sit back
you're not say anything and then come in
and say global amps me oh he's gonna
come in I know man that can chase me off
the boat